a few minutes ago Israeli war planes
carried out an air strike on a residence
in jabalia we can see here the scale of
the
damage there is a significant amount of
damage here and there are a number of
dead this is a five-story house
belonging to the kalal family here in
jabalia of course as we see the
residents here are digging with their
hands to uncover the bodies of those
killed and searching for for those who
are still alive under the
rubble here it's people using their
hands with simple means and simple
equipment trying to dig up and search
for the missing you can also see at
least one dead body here under the
rubble that people are trying to
retrieve
it was around noon people were sitting
in their homes safe and sound we heard
the sound of a massive explosion That
Shook the area and took the entire block
down people rushed to it and we were
surprised to see that it was the house
of my brother the house was completely
destroyed with everyone inside people
rushed to the area and tried to save
anyone they could save others were
killed we're no strangers to Martyr them
this is the fifth time that this family
has been targeted 100 of them have died
so far all women and children our
brothers did everything in their power
to pull people from the rubble may God
grant them
safety now one of the Dead is being
recovered from under the rubble of this
house the Civil Defense Force is in the
corner of this house trying to reach a
number of dead or missing people but as
we can see there is no equipment
available there are no resources
available for them right now in light of
the difficult conditions in the north of
the Gaza
Strip they bound my daughter's house my
brother's house and my daughter whose
husband's son was mared 4 months ago she
was marted in this house her daughter is
3 months old she is now behind the slab
these people civilians are here trying
to get her out God willing they'll get
her
out as you can see we're working with
the most basic equipment a woman has
died inside this house we're trying to
extract her from under the rubble but
our capabilities are very limited we are
working with our bare hands we're using
Hammers and chisels as you can see may
God help us and allow us to pull out her
body the massacres do not stop at the
houses of peaceful citizens in the north
of the Gaza Strip the latest attack
targeted this house belonging to the
kalal family as I've said there are a
number of dead and people have been
injured people are still missing under
the rubble
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Ala